# Spotify Streaming Session Prediction Algorithm and App Project - Fall 2022
### ~
### <i>DESCRIPTION</i>
#### For this semester, we will be taking on the WSDM Cup challenge hosted by Spotify and WSDM in 2019. This challenge consists of approximately 10 million listening sessions generated by real Spotify Users. The purpose of this challenge is to create a prediction algorithm to generate a prediction as to whether or not the Spotify user skipped the song. To complete this challenge, we will complete the following tasks:
      * Create an API to gather the appropriate data.
      * Create a large-scale database to hold the data.
      * Create an optimized ELT pipeline to process the data.
      * Create a Decision Tree Prediction Model using PyTorch.
      * Create Training and Testing datasets for the Prediction Model using Pandas.
      * Create Streamlit App frontend to gather user input.
      * Create Streamlit App backend to connect database to the frontend.
      * Create a CI/CD pipeline between GitHub and Docker.
      * Deploy the Streamlit App using a Docker Container.
      * Extract accuracy metrics from the Decision Tree Prediction Model.
      * Create Tableau Dashboard to display the Accuracy Metrics associated with the Model.
#### To complete the above tasks, we will break into the following teams:
      * Software Engineering Team:
           - Create the API.
           - Create the Streamlit App frontend.
           - Create the CI/CD pipeline.
           - Deploy the Streamlit App.
      * Data Engineering Team:
           - Create the database.
           - Create the ELT pipeline.
           - Create Training and Testing datasets.
           - Create Streamlit App backend.
      * Data Science Team:
           - Create Decision Tree Prediction Model.
      * Data Analytics Team:
           - Extract accuracy metrics.
           - Create Tableau Dashboard.
#### <i>TIMELINE</i>
## 10/5  - Debrief and Project Preview
## 10/17 - Determine Teams and Tasks; Go over API Principles and Streamlit Library
## 10/24 - Go in-depth in Python Streamlit Library and CI/CD Concepts
## 11/2  - Go over RDBMS Principles, ELT, and backend processes
## 11/9  - Go over ML general concepts and Decision Trees
## 11/16 - Intermediate Tableau Features and Best Practices
## 11/30 - Project Check-In: API Progress Report, ELT Pipeline Assessment, and Database Overview
## 12/1  - Project Check-In: Model Training and Testing, Accuracy Metrics Extraction, Dashboard Creation
## 12/8  - Project Check-In: CI/CD Pipeline and App Deployment
## 12/15 - Project Presentation
